Allows cli plugins to see and modify exec args (#3363)
buildbuddy-io/buildbuddy: docs/cli-plugins.md

The `pre_bazel.sh` script will be called before Bazel is run.

It is called with two arguments, which are the paths to files
containing all arguments that will be passed to Bazel (including the
arguments specified in your `.bazelrc` and expanded via any `--config=`
flags) and all the arguments that will be passed to the executable
generated by bazel (the arguments after the `--`), if any. **Each line

> in this file contains a single argument.**

Author: Absolutely. Definitely happy to rephrase for clarity.

you'll need to decide how to handle differences in preferences across
different versions of your plugin.

#### $EXEC_ARGS_FILE

This is the path of a file that contains the args that would be passed to an

> executable built by bazel as a result of a `bazel run` command. Specifically,
> these are any positional arguments remaining after canonicalization of any
> options that take arguments into "--option=value" options, excepting the `run`
> subcommand itself and the build target. These are generally the arguments
> following a `--` in the argument list passed to bazel, if any.

Reviewer: nit: I think it's a bit confusing to mention canonicalization here, since it doesn't change the args after `--`. wdyt about removing that sentence?

```suggestion
executable built by bazel as a result of a `bazel run` command. These are the arguments
following a `--` in the argument list passed to bazel, if any.
```

Author: So, technically, all `--` does is mark the following arguments as positional args (as opposed to options), and what bazel actually does is pass any positional args following the `run` subcommand and a single target (the first two positional arguments) which do not have a corresponding option to the resulting executable. People normally use `--` because some of the args they want to pass will begin with `-` or `--` (because they want the resulting executable to interpret them as options), and without the `--` bazel would try to interpret them as options instead of parsing them as positional args and forwarding them to the resulting executable.

It is technically valid, for instance, to call `bazel run -- //server --help`, and it will print the help text for the server. On testing and code inspection, though, it seems the buildbuddy cli is actually just partitioning on the `--` to separate these two sets of arguments (for the purposes of the files with lists of arguments to be edited), which is not really correct.

I have added a test to demonstrate this behavior, and a `TODO` about fixing it.

Author: Note that bazel interprets the next argument after an option that takes a positional argument as a value for that option, even if that argument is `--`, so there is no need to worry about positional arguments *after* a `--` potentially being values for a bazel option.

Reviewer: Ah, TIL. SG to fix this later :)

> This environment variable will only be set for the `pre_bazel` script in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This environment variable will only be set for the `pre_bazel.sh` script in the
```

> plugin. Similar to the way in which the bazel args file works, any changes
> made to this file by a plugin will be read in and reflected in the args
> eventually passed to bazel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
plugin. Plugins can change this file to change the arguments
passed to Bazel.
```
